medical marijuana is already a
multibillion-dollar industry the future
is this weed pill I'm still not sure
about this look most people will tell
you as Alden walked on the moon but even
a complete idiot will tell you Neil
Armstrong did it first and do you know
why he went first I was choking on his
because he pushed buzz older and the
out of the way and sees history by
the ball sack I'm satisfied
[Laughter]
[Music]
Brook man you're in some deep water
Harold like bankruptcy dude then cash
pool no I'm saying you're poor poor
tomorrow you're gonna fly to Mexico what
we want you to hand-deliver the weed
pill formula to the lab yes and I'm not
supposed to touch the minibar but I'm
going to do it you know I don't even
care anyone I'm doing it what a
cry-baby
Harold I'm just gonna spit this out
gonna get B we sold a little product to
the cartels but when we cut them off
they got a little angry I know a guy
I'll track down dictators back to find a
guy in middle man what do they want
check the microchip good I need to keep
track II can't scare me
details of the big bad cartels no things
worked not in Mexico Harold Harold
you really believe in God of course I
believe in God what kind of person does
not believe in God I guess I kind of do
but not things you can just have to get
better for you trust me I have good
instincts